 -	The Media’s on our case, this time over the AltEn plant chemical spill in Mead. They’re saying Governor Ricketts isn’t doing enough to mitigate the crisis. How do you want to address this as a candidate?
a.	Pete, you can shut them out, right? I’d rather nobody pry too hard into farming practices, in case they decide my own farm is out of order. All these nagging liberals have no idea what running a farm entails. [The Gov’s people lean on AltEn, and they start turning away reporters. The story goes away, at least for now. Who reads the local news anyway?] 
b.	This whole thing was just an unfortunate accident, and sometimes that happens on farms. I’m confident Governor Ricketts is putting all the state’s cleanup resources to good use and [Good answer - reckless waste disposal is hardly an accident, but so few people are paying attention to this outside of Saunders County, that this puts the story to sleep with ease. Business leaders are pleased, as well, that this puts the financial burden of cleanup on the state, not AltEn.]
c.	AltEn is a small family business that just wanted to keep some of our Ethanol revenue in the state. And Bayer, the rest – they scammed our local farmers with contaminated products. As details come out, the Governor and I are planning to drop proceedings against AltEn and start proceedings against their seed providers. [Interesting call – such a hardline stance against national companies worries some of your bigger donors. However, this might turn AltEn into a winning issue for you – if you can frame it as a fight for Nebraska’s interests.]
d.	This is a non-issue, and this is another example of city liberal interests trying to force farmers into economic dependency with socialist red tape. [The Dems slam you in the news and the unicameral. Carol Blood holds up the floor with a 15-hour filibuster, and about 100 residents of Mead hold protest signs in the unicameral gallery. Nothing to worry about, this is a primary, for real Republicans.]
-	Photos and eyewitness accounts are circulating that Charles Herbster was involved in the planning of the January 6 rally that would eventually culminate in the storming of the capitol. Do you have any comment?
a.	You know, some people had legitimate concerns about integrity in this past election, but that doesn’t make the use of violence acceptable. I’ll be happy to support Mr. Trump in 2024, and I’ll be glad to see him peacefully and legally Make America Great Again. Herbster would rather have chaos. [All but the most committed Trump supporters can grudgingly accept this, though Lindstrom and to a smaller degree Thibodeau peel a bit off you among moderates.]
b.	No comment. We can’t risk alienating anyone on this. [Fair enough.]
c.	He couldn’t have expected how that rally developed, and honestly, there were some legitimate concerns about that election that all good Americans had a right to protest peacefully. Mr. Herbster and I disagree on a lot but he didn’t do anything wrong here. [Are you crazy? Moderates aren’t buying your attempt to smooth J6 over as “peaceful protest”, and the people you’re trying to appeal to are already in Herbster’s column.]
d.	This is just more proof that Charles Herbster is all wrong for Nebraska. We believe in peaceful transition of power, democracy, and civility. How can we trust him to accept election results in our state if he won’t accept them in Washington? [Interesting choice – taking such a strong stance against Trump’s election claims will certainly help Herbster. Still, Lindstrom isn’t prepared for your pivot and this makes major inroads toward winning the urban moderate vote back.]
-	Governor Ricketts is cooking up a new culture-war initiative: restrictions on transgender accomodations. The scope and provisions of this law are still up in the air, and Ricketts asks you for your opinion, as if you win, you’ll see through the implementation in 2023. 
a.	Herbster’s going to run away with the rural vote if we don’t pivot back to family values, and the urban GOP isn’t put off by this the way they are with an abortion ban. I want a full-scope law: total ban for minors, end legal sex changes, and require 50 hours therapy for adult care for medical transition. [IF BELOW 35%: You thought you had it in the bag – McDonnell and Riepe chicken out at the last moment and the bill is trapped in select file by a single vote. Herbster runs the gamut in the media with one message: Ricketts and Pillen couldn’t protect Nebraska children.] [IF ABOVE 35%: Hunt and Cavanaugh filibuster for days, they cry and sob and accuse you of genocide but the bill is railroaded through with a majority of one. Ricketts fills the rotunda with grinning, lily-white children, who clap like seals when mom and dad say to. ACHIEVEMENT: First they came for…]
b.	Lindstrom wouldn’t dare to fight us on something like this. So we can run to the right – as long as we frame it as “freedom”. Let’s run a bill called the “Women’s Freedom Act” through the unicameral. Start with a ban on trans women in women’s bathrooms, require birth sex to be shown on drivers’ licenses, oh! I almost forgot – make sure trans women go to men’s prisons. [The bill clears the senate by a few votes, Dems whine a bit but McDonnell, Riepe, and the rest join up with senate Republicans and make sure our children are safe, and free to be just like us.]
c.	We’ve gotta hold out on this until 2023, maybe ’24. We can’t risk a bill failing, Herbster will have our ass. Likewise Lindstrom can say we’re doing government overreach if we stretch too far. I’ll condemn transgenderism at a few rallies but I won’t risk forcing legislation. [IF W/RICKETTS ON AltEn AND IN APRIL 2021 : Ricketts is irritated but he follows your recommendation. Nothing ventured, nothing lost? / IF NOT WITH RICKETTS: Ricketts ignores you and the senate GOP shoves through the “Women’s Freedom Act”, restricting bathroom access and marking birth sex on drivers’ licenses alongside legal sex. You clap wildly at the signing ceremony.]
-	State Senator Mike Groene has been accused of sexual harassment by an aide, who says he took inappropriate photos of her at work. Do you have any comment?
a.	We have to take sexual harassment seriously. Governor Ricketts and I urge Senator Groene to resign immediately in the wake of these concerning allegations. [By going to the media quickly, Groene is cornered and the narrative gets away from him before he can fire back. Most are pleased, though Herbster backs Groene and accuses you of bowing to the woke mob.]
b.	There’s no need to talk about this, Pete can lean on Mike to resign without involving the media. I’d rather have them looking at Groene, than me – I don’t want to tie myself to what’s essentially a “MeToo” case. [Pete puts the screws to Groene with the threat of Doug launching an investigation. The embattled Senator walks and bows his head in shame, and it only reflects badly on the NEGOP’s Right Flank. IF “HOLD ON” ON TRANS ISSUES AND “ALL WRONG” ON J6 HERBSTER: Pete miscalculates and Groene refuses to resign, calling it a “MeToo Witch Hunt”. You’ve pushed your animosity a bridge too far with Herbster; Groene and Herbster go on Fox News to blast the message into thousands of Nebraska homes that you’re a woke RINO. 
c.	You know, Mike is a fine man and we should all make sure these allegations are true before we force such a committed Republican out. [Lindstrom and especially Thibodeau hammer you on this, especially given your implication that you’re protecting him for political reasons.]
-	Charles Herbster is embroiled in a scandal: it’s recently come out that Charles Herbster has paid his taxes late over 600 times. Ricketts has already condemned Herbster directly, saying he would be a “terrible governor”. Do you have any statement on this?
a.	Let the Governor do the dirty work here, everyone knows I’m his acolyte and there’s no need to double down. We should definitely run a few attack ads in West Omaha and the suburbs, though – I’m sure the folks paying exorbitant property taxes wouldn’t be happy with a governor who dodges the same. [Great work here, Herbster can’t effectively retaliate without drawing more attention to the fact that he was caught red-handed for tax dodging.]
b.	We can’t relent on this attack, there is nothing Nebraskans like more than tax cuts. And here we have a guy who wants you and me to foot the bill when only he gets a cut! We’re going to blanket the cities and suburbs with attack ads about this and make sure every middle-class family knows who Herbster really is.  
-	Mike Foley, Pete Ricketts’ Lieutenant Governor, has broken with him to endorse Charles Herbster. Ricketts s
